README.md, before:

# project-euler-100
Solutions to the first one hundred problem in project Euler https://projecteuler.net/
## How to run the python solutions?

If you have python 3 installed and you are in the python folder (*python-project-euler-100*), you can run all the solutions using the following command in the terminal/command line:

    python AllSolutions.py
or a solution for a specific problem (*as example 'p001'*):

    python p001.py

## How to run the java solutions?
If you have a JDK with a version higher than or equal to 8, and Maven installed, and you are in the java folder (*java-project-euler-100*), you can run all the solutions using the following commands in terminal/command line:

    mvn clean install
    java -jar target/java-project-euler-100-0.0.1-SNAPSHOT.jar
You can also run specific problems from your IDE directly or through the command line by compiling specific problem files and running them instead.

## How to run the typescript solutions?
If you have nodejs and typescript installed and you are in the project  folder (*typescript-project-euler-100*), you can run all the solutions using the following commands in terminal/command line:

    tsc
    node AllSolutions.js

Commit message:

Added build commands for the go project

README.md, after:

# project-euler-100
Solutions to the first one hundred problem in project Euler https://projecteuler.net/
## How to run the python solutions?

If you have python 3 installed and you are in the python project folder (*python-project-euler-100*), you can run all the solutions using the following command in the terminal/command line:

    python AllSolutions.py
or a solution for a specific problem (*as example 'p001'*):

    python p001.py

## How to run the java solutions?
If you have a JDK with a version higher than or equal to 8, and Maven installed, and you are in the java project folder (*java-project-euler-100*), you can run all the solutions using the following commands in terminal/command line:

    mvn clean install
    java -jar target/java-project-euler-100-0.0.1-SNAPSHOT.jar
You can also run specific problems from your IDE directly or through the command line by compiling specific problem files and running them instead.

## How to run the typescript solutions?
If you have nodejs and typescript installed and you are in the typescript project folder (*typescript-project-euler-100*), you can run all the solutions using the following commands in terminal/command line:

    tsc
    node AllSolutions.js

## How to run the go solutions?
If you have go and the required packages installed and you are in the go project folder (*go-project-euler-100*), you can run all the solutions using the following commands in terminal:

    go build
    ./project-euler.exe
